hello my name is Mason and I'm going to
be teaching you have on the Coleman
double grab power slide and I'll lay
back slide on the easiest slide is
probably the Coleman on how it works is
you're going to take your hand you're
going to take your knees well you to
take your feet but I'm going to use my
knees gets easier and you're going to
place your knee um nearly on the back of
your board where your truck is and then
you're going to take your other foot and
you're going to place it about 4 to 3
inches from your truck and then what
you're going to do is when you're
getting ready to go down for your slide
you want some pretty good speed so then
what you're going to do is you're going
to take your feet and you're going to
take your right hand if you ride regular
and you're going to take your right hand
you're going to placing it over the
board then you're going to take your
left hand and you're going to place it
out of the board we're going to place it
about a couple like two feet behind you
or foot then what you're going to do is
that
and you're going to put more weight on
the front side of your board then once
you have more weight on your front side
of your board you're going to take your
back foot and you're just going to out
like that so let's to pick out getting
back up from your slide you're going to
go like this you're going to have your
feet place right here you're going to
take this hand put this knee forward and
then push up with your left hand and
then stand back up on your board so this
is how it's going to look
it's gonna look like that right on i'm
going to do a barracks life for you wait
one second
that is gonna be your Coleman okay all
right the next slide we're going to do
is build a rat powder side so telephone
is you my feet what you're going to do
is you're going to take this is the
opposite of a comb and feet kissing
you're going to take your front knee I'm
sorry your foot your front foot and
place it nearly on the front of your
board close to the truck then you're
going to take this back knee and which
is where my sector nine symbol is and
you're going to place it right about
there so right about on the side and
that's why I place my foot we're going
to take both of your hands place it in
the middle of the board once your feet
are in the middle I mean once your hands
are in the middle of the board you're
going to put more weight on the front
side of your board pull back with your
hands and just kick this foot out as
hard as you can and that's going to make
you you're going to be sitting on your
butt like this so it's going to look
like this and you're just going to pull
back so here I'll show you what it looks
like with me standing up you're going to
place it like new vet sector nine symbol
and you're just gonna plate put both
hands right here and pull back now I
have to put my hand down without fall
but place both hands right here pull
Beth put more weight on your front and
just kick out all right so I'm gonna
strike with that to look like i'm going
to use no gloves
that's not a double grab the double grab
have a size movie next slide is good lay
back slide your if gloves for this trip
so what you're gonna do is you're going
to take both of your feet and about two
inches away from both sides of your
trucks which is going to be about right
here if you dip it in place so I'm gonna
put honey is there okay so that what
you're going to do is you're going to
take both hands and it doesn't matter
how much sweets on the other side take
both hands go bak like this and then
you're just gonna kick your back foot
your back leg foot that's how it's
always gonna be you could kick your
front but it's not going to work out too
well for you so you want to kick your
back foot out and that's gonna it's
going to look like just going to place
poop those girls back here except you're
gonna be a little closer to your boy
like this and you're just going to kick
this without now kicking might be harder
on the ground when you're staying still
but tough me speed is the key deciding
you need to be for everything on your
longboard so when you get enough speed
you think you can do it do it don't wait
up don't be scared to do it wear your
helmet know if has a knee pad I don't
have them right now because I know this
slides pretty good and I do them all the
time i'm outside longboarding so once
you know the size pretty good you might
be able to take your helmets off and all
that inside pretty good so i'm going to
show you the lay back it might be a
little farther out because i can't do it
right here so
I didn't do a full 180 because I didn't
have enough speed that is an example of
you have to have speed so because I
didn't have enough speed out into a
phony but that is my video on how to
Coleman double grab power slide and I'll
a backslide thanks for watching